{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036\deflangfe1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\li284\cf1\b\f0\fs14\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\fs24\lang2057 WD Controlling Excel\par
\par
\b0\fs20 This example explains how to control Excel via OLE Automation.\par
All the features included in Excel can be emulated.\par
\par
This example requires Excel 97 or later. \par
\par
Summary of the example supplied with WINDEV:\tab\par
Controlling a spreadsheet as Excel may be useful to allow the user to keep his own habits from the software powered by WINDEV.\par
This process is very easy via the "CExcel" class supplied with WINDEV.\par
The main features of Excel can be directly called (chart, inserting objects, sorts, ...).\par
How do I control Excel via OLE Automation?\par
An OLE Automation contains methods and properties. This allows you to emulate it directly in WLanguage.\par
For example, to display the selected cell in bold:\par
MyOLEAutomationObject>>Selection>>Font>>Bold = True\par
\par
\par
\lang1036 ( ________________________________ \'b0 _________________________________ )\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\ul\fs14\lang2057 Conditions of Use.\par
\ulnone This program is supplied for training purposes.\par
The use of this program is the responsibility of the user. \par
PC SOFT will not be liable for damage or loss of any nature whatsoever, including data loss, corruption or deterioration as a result of using this program.\par
Any person owning a WINDEV 28 US license is authorized to use and/or modify the program and to use it in their own applications. \par
In this case all references to PC SOFT and/or to WinDev or WebDev must be removed.\par
You may not distribute or sell this example program without substantial modification or include it in another application unless the application is very large.\par
\par
No Hot Line Support is available for this program.\par
\par
CAUTION: Many users may have modified this program.  \par
Make sure that you are working with the original version of this program.\cf0\fs16\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\fs20\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
}
